#!/bin/bash

touch raven.less
touch flamingo.less
touch robin.less
touch bluejay.less
touch cinnamon.less
touch pumpkin.less
touch eggplant.less
touch almond.less
touch sandstone.less
touch granite.less
touch clay.less
touch manganese.less
touch cloudwhite.less
touch iceblue.less
touch saddlebrown.less
touch barnred.less
touch raspberry.less
touch blueberry.less
touch blackberry.less
touch cranberry.less
touch lilac.less
touch lily.less
touch emerald.less
touch ruby.less
touch amethyst.less
touch sapphire.less
touch sunset.less
touch moonlight.less
touch tan.less
touch royalpurple.less
touch olivedrab.less
touch chocolate.less
touch vanilla.less
touch strawberry.less
touch orchid.less
touch sand.less
touch graphite.less
touch goldenrod.less
touch mint.less
touch wheat.less
touch steel.less
touch slate.less
touch cream.less
touch bacon.less
touch platinum.less
touch twilight.less
touch mist.less
touch snow.less
touch plum.less
touch seafoam.less
touch seagreen.less
touch grapefruit.less
touch cornhusk.less
touch scarlet.less
touch tangerine.less
touch army.less
touch ultramarine.less
touch midnight.less
touch turquoise.less
touch peach.less
touch coral.less
touch cobalt.less
touch copper.less
touch hotpink.less
touch neongreen.less
touch khaki.less
touch gold.less
touch silver.less
touch bronze.less
touch gunmetal.less
touch salmon.less
touch iron.less
touch lavender.less
touch crimson.less
touch clover.less
touch charcoal.less
touch red.less
touch electricblue.less
touch orange.less
touch yellow.less
touch lemon.less
touch olive.less
touch drab.less
touch green.less
touch teal.less
touch aquamarine.less
touch cyan.less
touch skyblue.less
touch blue.less
touch indigo.less
touch violet.less
touch magenta.less
touch purple.less
touch brown.less
touch pink.less
touch lime.less
touch navy.less
touch black.less
touch white.less
touch gray.less